Issue 314 📝 update 'how to run PADD in docker container' (#315)
pi-hole/PADD: README.md

## Running Pi-hole in a Docker Container

> If you're running Pi-hole in a Docker Container you can use `padd.sh` this way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're running Pi-hole in the official Docker Container, `padd.sh` is pre-installed and named `padd`. It can be used with the following command:
```

Something like this

> If you're running Pi-hole in a Docker Container you can use `padd.sh` this way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're running Pi-hole in the official Docker Container, `padd.sh` is pre-installed and named `padd`. It can be used with the following command:
```

Something like this
